hike to the largest tree the Smokies our
hike begins at Greenbrier through the
Fleming cemetery
after passing through the cemetery
we'll follow false GAAP branch past Oh
two homesteads then up into an ancient
old-growth forest
this is an unofficial trail in the Great
Smoky Mountain National Park and is very
faint from little use you'll know when
you reach the ancient old-growth forest
by the size of the two to five hundred
year old fries
our final destination is this monster to
the poplar estimated at 500 years old
this tree has a circumference of
approximately 40 feet is 30 yards tall
and has branches that are bigger than
most other trees
call me a tree hugger damn hippie